Tribute to Dr. APJ Abdul Kalam (Website)

This website has been made using HTML, CSS, JavaScript, BootStrap 4 and jQuery. The code editor used was Brackets.

Features
This site's code uses the latest CSS and JavaScript (ECMAScript 6) language features so it is recommended to view the website on a modern web browser like Google Chrome and Mozilla Firefox.
Optimal resolution is 1024x768, 1360x768, 1920x1090 or any 16:9 screen with resolution comparable to given resolutions.
The site is fully responsive and can be seen on both mobile and desktop devices.
Internet Explorer 11 and lower are not supported.

How to open the website
1. Double click the index.html file. It should open in either Google Chrome or Mozilla Firefox.
2. The site will open. To go to the next section, click the 'Books' anchor in the toolbar.
The description of the books can be opened by click the book name or the '+' sign.
3. To go to the next section, click on 'Quotes' anchor in the toolbar.
4. To go to the last section, click on 'Carousel' anchor in the toolbar.
After clicking the 'Start the carousel' button, the slideshow will start.
The information in each slide can be seen by moving the mouse cursor over the page and to see only image, move the cursor away from the image.
5. After the carousel finishes, the user can go back to the homepage by clicking the "Homepage" button.
6. To view the credits section, click on the "Credits" anchor in the toolbar.
7. To view the contacts section, click on the "Contact us" anchor in the toolbar.

Folder Structure
The folder structure comprises of :

index.html :- the homepage
quotes.html :- the second webpage
carousel.html :- the third webpage
README :- this file
assets/css :- All the CSS code lies here
assets/js :- All the JavaScript code lies here
assets/js/vendor :- BootStrap and jQuery files are kept here for fast loading of the site
assets/fonts :- All the fonts used lie here
assets/media :- Other files such as images, SVGs, audio, etc. lie here